[DOCS] Updates the migration guide to direct to the last version of GX to support the V2 processes and API surface (#7976)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/miscellaneous/migration_guide.md

---
title: Migration guide
---

> The 0.13.x major release of Great Expectations deprecated Validation Operators and added new features such as "new style" Datasources, modular Expectations, and an improved Checkpoints feature (introduced as part of the 0.13.7 release). These updates led to the deprecation of much of the API surface utilized prior to the GX 0.13.x major release.  While we maintained that API surface through two major revisions in accordance with our [deprecation policy](/docs/changelog#deprecation-policy), it has been fully deprecated as of the 0.16.x major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Great Expectations version 0.13.x, Validation Operators were deprecated and "new style" Datasources, modular Expectations, and an improved Checkpoints feature were added. With these changes, much of the API prior to the GX 0.13.x major release was deprecated. In accordance with its [deprecation policy](/docs/changelog#deprecation-policy), GX supported deprecated API functionality for two major releases, before ending support in GX version 0.16.x.
```

I wasn't clear what was meant by _the API surface_. Avoid using _we_.

> Since the deprecated features and API surface are no longer present in the current GX code base, we will no longer be maintaining the migration guide from pre-GX 0.13.x processes to post GX 0.13.x processes in our current documentation.  To see the document as of the last version to of GX to support the pre-GX 0.13.x processes and API surface, reference the [GX 0.15.50 documentation's migration guide](/docs/0.15.50/guides/miscellaneous/migration_guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated API functionality is not available in the current GX code. As a result, the migration guide no longer includes guidance for migrating from pre-GX 0.13.x processes to post GX 0.13.x processes. To view information about the deprecated migration process, see the [0.15.50 or earlier version of the migration guide](/docs/0.15.50/guides/miscellaneous/migration_guide).
```
